Nine laps. Well, your grandfather loves you the most.
If he wants to teach me a lesson later
Hear me say more good things
Hmm grandpa
I can't figure out why grandpa wants to hit you?
Hey, don't worry so much, just take it as my way
In addition?
And the delivery guy has a good relationship with me
Uh, and those two dog men and women?
Will definitely go back to get revenge on him
Keep an eye out for me.
If not, find a few people to clean them up
Yes
Uncle Hu is back
He also knew that this rebellious son came back to Xiao Sun
Go get my whip
Ouch hello old man
Hahaha, I miss you so much, haha.
No, I don't.
Hahaha you trespass
Do you know that I am your father?
Kneel down at such an old age
I can't even hold the whip, so spare me this time
Forgive me this time, hahaha.
If you don't fight
Go out and call for me
If you dare to show mercy
I even smashed you
It's his grandfather
Fight grandpa
I'm sorry.
Ouch.
Hello grandpa
What did you say?
continue
Don't stop yes oops
Xiaoshuai
Just send me back for 500.
Whoops.
Ha ha.
Grandpa
Why do you keep saying 500? I don't know.
Every time your great-grandfather beats me?
He asked me to call 500.
Ouch.
I'm really convinced, right?
Grandpa
Didn't you say today that you still owe the delivery staff 500?
What does this have to do with it?
I just thought the delivery guy looked familiar
Hey, you say that?
I feel familiar too
Seems to have seen it somewhere
Hey
Why can't I remember?
Grandpa
What's up?
The delivery guy?
Why do you look exactly like the person in the photo?
Ouch hello
What the hell is this?
How did I trap my father?
Ah, dear.